Hello! My name is DEF_NAME, and I am a robot designed by Team 5327B for the VRC 2015-2016 Nothing but Net season. Please allow me to briefly explain my individual components and show how they all work together.

I have a high speed X-Drive base with omnidirectional capabilities. This means that I can move forwards, backwards, side-to-side, and any combination of these at the same time (MOVEMENTS AS THE SPEECH FILE PLAYS). With a gear ratio of DEF_BASE_RATIO and an average velocity of DEF_BASE_VELOCITY at full speed, I am an extremely maneuverable robot that can reach every corner of the field.

My intake consists of a combination of a double roller and an elevator, which allow me to grab entire pyramids very fast. (TURN ROLLERS AND ELEVATOR ON WITH SAMPLE BALL). Both directly powered with an internal gearing of DEF_INTAKE_RATIO, this intake system minimizes how long it takes between entering and exiting. To enhance my capabilities as an autonomous robot, I have been equipped with dual ultrasonic sensors, which serve as a form of binocular vision for detecting and intaking balls without direct driver supervision (DEMO IF IT WORKS). I also have a bidirectional switch created from a potentiometer in my elevator, which allows me to count the balls I have at any given time and make sure I never have more than 4 at a time (DEMO LED LIGHTS WARNING).

Once I have intaken the balls to be launched, a simple ramp drops them into my linear-release slip-gear actuated launcher. With 3 motors powering a simple system to pull back and then release the launcher hammer at approximately DEF_LAUNCHER_VELOCITY, I am capable of shooting balls into the high goal at a rate of approximately DEF_LAUNCHER_RATE (DEMO OF SHOOTING BALLS, WITHOUT ACTUAL BALLS BEING SHOT x3-4).

That's not all! I also have an easily deployable passive lifting ramp. Once activated, the lift shoots out and creates a ramp with a grade of DEF_RAMP_GRADE, a value my builders determined to be attainable by the majority of robots we are allianced with. In the last 30 seconds, I can grab my alliance an extra 50 points via a high lift.

Throughout my construction, my creators used the engineering design process to iteratively make improvements to my design. With nifty features such as DEF_LIST_NIFTY, my attention to detail and general functionality are unmatched. All of these elements combine to make me a formidable force everywhere on the field!
